{'gt_query': ['puppy', 'rocks', 'eating', 'gravel'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Why is my 5 month old pit bull puppy eating rocks?', 'body': 'My dog is very active and has a really good appetite. She loves to play and is very well mannered. Lately she has been eating small pea gravel from my landscaping. Is she just being a puppy or is something wrong?', 'id': 1, 'best': "some dogs are prone to eat things they shouldn't ....don't allow her to eat them....you should be able to control the puppy...if not you will have a problem dog on your hands.", 'answers': ["nothing wrong, but you shouldn't let her eat that. Its not like they are nutrious or anything.", 'DIET!! something is missing!! change food!!', "maybe you might want to keep your dog inside and see a vet it may be mental or it is starving cause it doesn't like the food.Also in courage it to eat food and not eat rocks", "It's trying to show you it's intelligence level. The only thing stupider then dogs are the people who own them!", 'THIS IS NORMAL FOR DOGS TO DO...BUT I WOULD IF I WAS YOU KEEP HER FROM DOINGING THIS BC IF TO MANY IN HER TUMMY SHE WONT BE ABLE TO PASS THEM OUT AND IT COULD RIP HER TUMMY AND BUM.....AND THEN YOUR LOOKING AT ALOT OF MONEY....JAY AKA PITA', 'Well there you go! I would make sure you have lots of stuff for her to chew! Puppies need to gnaw on stuff all the time. I found this out the hard way, when my dog chewed off the handles of my screwdrivers and other things. Try raw hide chews and many other kinds at a pet store near you!', 'naw naw dont worry cuz is. they grow up and their teeth is start to develop up and they feel an comforable when their teeth is in their mouth especially at that ages...and they will chew soem wierd stuff liek my dog i let him choose either is the shovel or hamburger toy he choose the shovel and can chew on it for hour and hour.....they wierd', "Don't want to scare you but I had a Golden Retriever doing that and ended up with a foot of stones in her intestine.  Went into shock and needed major surgery.  If it is a constant problem, surgery would be required quite often, something I couldn't afford and had to relinquish her to the vet where she was adopted and put in a controlled environment.  We go camping and couldn't control her surroundings.  I would try putting something like Tobasco or Bitter Apple on the gravel to see if your pup stops picking up the stones.  I tried to get mine to give them to me but she just swallowed them faster.  You might also set off a mouse trap in front of her, if she acts afraid, then see if placing a few around your home keeps her away from the gravel.  DO NOT TEASE with trap or any other object used to train a pup, it totally defeats the purpose, I only mention this because I know of people who do, think its funny but wonder why tricks to break a habit don't work.", "I'd say she's just being a puppy. There's a period during a dog's life, much like a human's, called teething. They just chew and eat everything in sight.\n\nMy own dog used to eat all our slippers and regurgitate them later on. The best thing is to keep your dog away from small items and give them safe chew toys to help them through it. \n\nStill, it could be something entirely different...calling up your vet might not be such a bad idea.", "Your dog might be teething. The hardness of the rocks probably feels good on her new teeth. You probably shouldn't let her eat them though.", "No she's just being a puppy. All puppies are idiots. You still shouldn't let her eat it though. Trust me  we have a 6 month old boxer pup. He takes red hot pieces of coal out of the fire and then barks at them when they burn his mouth. Trust me. Puppies don't have 2 brain cells to rub together.", "Monst puppies teath until about 6-7 months so she is only doing that because she still has her baby teeth and thats what puppys do, they chew oon things alot. but don't let her she will get sick, very sick, trust me i'd know", "some dogs are prone to eat things they shouldn't ....don't allow her to eat them....you should be able to control the puppy...if not you will have a problem dog on your hands.", "She is just being a puppy.  Make sure she doesn't choke on or swallow any of the gravel."]}
{'gt_query': ['Microsoft', 'points', 'free', 'promotions', '360'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Microsoft Points for 360?', 'body': 'I got bored, so I was looking around on my xbox 360 dashboard, when i came to the whole page that told you completely about microsoft points. It said you can buy them, and that you can also get them from promotions and stuff.\n\nWhat Kind Of Promotions do they mean?\n\nAnd is there a way to get them for free?', 'id': 2, 'best': "You can get them for free from the promotions.\n\nI don't think anyone has ever gotten free MS points from promotions.\n\nBut if there should be MS points for a promotion, it might be through the 20 oz soda caps or from buying MS products, like the new Zune players.", 'answers': ["With Microsoft pts, you can download Xbox Live Arcade games (lots of classic arcade games in here), extras and add-ons for games you already own (like extra quests for Oblivion or car bundles for NFS: Carbon)...I don't know of a way to get them for free, but they are not that expensive and can be purchased directly from Xbox Live or in a gift-card-type form from GameStop (or whatever your local equivalent is) that provides you a code to enter on Xbox Live and then transfers those points to your account.\n\nHope all that helps, good luck!\n\n~Scottie", "You can get them for free from the promotions.\n\nI don't think anyone has ever gotten free MS points from promotions.\n\nBut if there should be MS points for a promotion, it might be through the 20 oz soda caps or from buying MS products, like the new Zune players."]}
{'gt_query': ['schoolers', 'hours', 'high', 'perfect'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'For high schoolers how many hours a day is perfect for school?', 'body': "Give me some specifics... how many class periods should they have, how long for lunch, how long the class periods should be. And give me some realistic answers. Don't say 2 hours should be for lunch or something like that.", 'id': 3, 'best': 'Im answering this question from an adult point of view. I work in a high school and there are 8 periods that run about 45 minutes each. There is a 10 minute break in the morning and a 25 minute lunch. Although the break and lunch seem short, they are actually a good amout of time. Any longer than that gives the students time to start fooling around and lose focus. The school day should be well structured and the transition between classes should be about 3 minutes for a smaller school.', 'answers': ['Im answering this question from an adult point of view. I work in a high school and there are 8 periods that run about 45 minutes each. There is a 10 minute break in the morning and a 25 minute lunch. Although the break and lunch seem short, they are actually a good amout of time. Any longer than that gives the students time to start fooling around and lose focus. The school day should be well structured and the transition between classes should be about 3 minutes for a smaller school.', 'From my perspective, I believe 6 periods a day. Each period should go for 45-50 minutes. Then there should be one recess break that should last for 20 minutes between 2nd and 3rd period. While lunch should be about 45 minutes between period 4 and 5. = ]']}
{'gt_query': ['fishing', 'troops', 'Boston', 'boats'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': "Looking for whereabouts of a fishing boat from Boston (30's-40's) where do I  search for information?", 'body': 'The boat was at one time owned by Peter Busalacchi, and named "Nina B".  It was one of seven boats, some of which were sold to carry troops to Europe during WWII.', 'id': 4, 'best': 'Contact the DOD.  More likey than not it has been sold as scrap by now.', 'answers': ['Contact the DOD.  More likey than not it has been sold as scrap by now.']}
{'gt_query': ['cayenne', 'plants', 'hurt', 'cat'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Does Cayenne hurt house plants?', 'body': "Hello everyone,\n\nI just moved in with a new roommate. I am finding out that her cat loves to eat all my house plants. I haven't had this problem with my cat. Looking up info on trying to stop my roommates cat from eating plants and I see a remedy that calls for putting cayenne pepper on the plant to deter in worst case scenarios. I think I have reached this point, because the cat loves to play with the squirts from the squirt gun.  But my question is will the cayenne hurt my plants.\n\nThanks for any answers,\n-Chris", 'id': 5, 'best': "Not that I know of.  It might if you put it directly on the leaves though.  Try it on a single leaf.  It's also said that cat's don't like citrus so maybe spray your plants with some diluted orange oil.\n\nCats like to eat greens.  If I don't give my cat a plant of her own to eat, she eats the others.  Try growing some wheatgrass just for the cat to eat and I bet it will quit eating yours.", 'answers': ["Not that I know of.  It might if you put it directly on the leaves though.  Try it on a single leaf.  It's also said that cat's don't like citrus so maybe spray your plants with some diluted orange oil.\n\nCats like to eat greens.  If I don't give my cat a plant of her own to eat, she eats the others.  Try growing some wheatgrass just for the cat to eat and I bet it will quit eating yours.", "Red pepper doesn't work for one of my cats. I thought I'd try black pepper if he pesters a plant.\n\nBe nice to your roommate's feline companion and get him a pot of catnip. If he prefers that, he may also leave your plants alone. If not, it's great entertainment.", 'You could always try it on just one leaf to see what happens if you are worried about destroying the whole plant.', "You could actually plant some pepper plants in with your other plants.\n\nI don't think the pepper will hurt, but im not a plant expert.", "No it shouldn't hurt your plants. It never hurt mine. The catnip idea is a good one. Place the pot where the cat is most likely to get to it. And place your plants in different spots. he may be too lazy to go after your plants with the catnip so easy to get to. Also, most pets stores and vet offices sell a product called bitter apple spray. It is made from apple skins and is very sour and bitter to animals. If sprayed around the outside of the pot it may deter him after one taste. My neoghbor used it to stop her dogs from chewing up thecouch. One taste worked."]}
{'gt_query': ['jeans', 'guys', 'fit', 'look', 'value', 'quality'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Best jeans for guys?', 'body': 'Guys... what jeans combine the best quality, value, non-metrosexuality, fit, and look?  Or ladies... does your man where a certain pair of jeans that you like?', 'id': 6, 'best': "Back in the late 70s & early 80s was a brand named 'Hash Jeans'. They were a better fit than Levi's, more stylish, and even had stylish bib-overalls for guys.", 'answers': ["Back in the late 70s & early 80s was a brand named 'Hash Jeans'. They were a better fit than Levi's, more stylish, and even had stylish bib-overalls for guys.", 'Ok, the best ones are Zara jeans for men.', "I, personally, like Old Navy jeans and my husband says they're a comfortable fit without looking too neat and tidy."]}
{'gt_query': ['love', 'know'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'How do you know when you are in love?', 'body': "Ok see the love of my life called my house drunk and we are both under age and hes three years older than me but he cussed my dad out and he dont even remember.My dad told me that i am never allowed to talk to him again but he said hell quit drinking and smoking pot just to be with me! I love him with all my heart and i want to be with him for the reat of my life but i talk to him in the mornings an the bus and sometimes at night even though im not supposed to. He said he'll wait for me until I turn 18 but thats a while from now and i dont think my dad will forgive him.I dont know what to do or if he even loves me.Any suggestions?", 'id': 7, 'best': "Please take what I'm saying to heart. When someone is involed with drugs and alcohol it makes things worse. If he is really into this stuff he will never ever pick you over the drugs he will go back to them time and time again. Your parents can see this being older than you and the fact that he disrespected your father and doesnt even remember is troubling to me. I spent a long time with someone like this and it only turned out bad. Your younge and you have so much life to live still, try living it and having fun with your girlfriends. Forget about this jerk, or see if he can really change. Things will come together once your older. You don't want to waste the best years of you life crying over some drug infested jerk.", 'answers': ["Please listen to your dad on this one.  Parents aren't always right, but he is right about this.  First off, if this guy loved you he wouldn't have called your dad and caused this problem in the first place.  I've had enough friends like this boy to know that while you waste your time for the next three years waiting to be with him, he will not be true to you and will just keep you on a string just for fun.  You are just begining to experience life, don't tie yourself down to a drunk who does pot and fights with your dad.  You need to take this time to experience life and be open to all it has to offer you.", "o i just think that your story's soo sweet..\ni advice u to stick with him...hopefully he'll change his ways like he promised u...\nand your dad will just hav to understand that it's YOUR CHOICE that u want to  b with him.not trying to disrespect his authority,but to me,if it's love,then it's definitely worth it...good luck:)))", "Please take what I'm saying to heart. When someone is involed with drugs and alcohol it makes things worse. If he is really into this stuff he will never ever pick you over the drugs he will go back to them time and time again. Your parents can see this being older than you and the fact that he disrespected your father and doesnt even remember is troubling to me. I spent a long time with someone like this and it only turned out bad. Your younge and you have so much life to live still, try living it and having fun with your girlfriends. Forget about this jerk, or see if he can really change. Things will come together once your older. You don't want to waste the best years of you life crying over some drug infested jerk."]}
{'gt_query': ['song', 'sad', 'slow', 'drama'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Songs needed for performance please read?', 'body': 'I am doing a drama performance nxt week and I need slow sad songs. The main theme is the mother leaving them.\n\nAlso I need sound effects like chatting and washing dishes, what songs can provide me with this, or websites (which has songs in em?)\n\nThanks :)', 'id': 8, 'best': 'REM: Everybody Hurts.  Sad - very sad...', 'answers': ['You should try "Love Song" by Korn', 'I like the song Big Butts\n\nI like big butts and i can not lie.  You other brothers cant deney.  When a girl walks in eith a little bitty waste and a round thing in your face you get sprung......\n\nYou cant go wrong with that', 'REM: Everybody Hurts.  Sad - very sad...', "I think Elton John's slow sad song is really good.  It was the one used in the jeans commerical.", 'lime wire.com\n\nu will have 2 download the program', 'Um.....you could download share bear and delete it when done downloading songs :))))', 'hello-evanescence']}
{'gt_query': ['optimized', 'website', '800x600'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'How many inches should I set my html code at to create a website optimized for 800x600 viewing?', 'body': 'Alright, so I want to create a webpage that will be viewable on 800x600.  For this I want to know how many inches would be optimal for say a table that I wish to span across the whole screen.', 'id': 9, 'best': "Tough question :)\n\nBest ideea (on my humble oppinion) is to avoid both horizontal and vertical scrolling. For horizontal is simple. Set the layout to a max of 770 pixels.\nIf you don't want vertical scrolling... it depends on viewer browser, how many extra toolbars he has, etc.\nTypically for 800x600 resolution a 430 pixel heigth will do the trick.\n\nAs 800x600 is (still) used only by approx 30% of users you should think how your layout will look also at higher resolutions.\nAt 1024x768 it will still look ok. Higher than this it will be like a column in the middle of the page or on the left side, deppending on your choice of content positioning.\n\nTry a self-adjusting approach. Use as much as possible CSS, avoid tables, keep content centered (both horizontal and vertical).\n\nSome nice browser statistics here:\nhttp://roselli.org/adrian/articles/browser_stats_2.asp\n\nCSS layouts here:\nhttp://blog.html.it/layoutgala/\n\nGood luck and let me know when your site is online!", 'answers': ["Tough question :)\n\nBest ideea (on my humble oppinion) is to avoid both horizontal and vertical scrolling. For horizontal is simple. Set the layout to a max of 770 pixels.\nIf you don't want vertical scrolling... it depends on viewer browser, how many extra toolbars he has, etc.\nTypically for 800x600 resolution a 430 pixel heigth will do the trick.\n\nAs 800x600 is (still) used only by approx 30% of users you should think how your layout will look also at higher resolutions.\nAt 1024x768 it will still look ok. Higher than this it will be like a column in the middle of the page or on the left side, deppending on your choice of content positioning.\n\nTry a self-adjusting approach. Use as much as possible CSS, avoid tables, keep content centered (both horizontal and vertical).\n\nSome nice browser statistics here:\nhttp://roselli.org/adrian/articles/browser_stats_2.asp\n\nCSS layouts here:\nhttp://blog.html.it/layoutgala/\n\nGood luck and let me know when your site is online!", 'set your width to 800 pixels...don\'t worry about the inches stuff.\nwidth="800" is all you need to do', 'You should set it to be 779.  The size should take in account a browsers scrollbar, that way you will not have a horizontal scrollbar going across the bottom.\n\nIf you have borders on the left and right side then do 777 or less.\n\nYou could also do 100%', 'who cares']}
{'gt_query': ['veronica', 'mars', 'online'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Okay, i need actual help here?', 'body': "Okay, so last night the american music awards were on and i was SO psyced that i just had to watch it so decided to record Veronica Mars and watch it later. The problem was that my VCR had been on the wrong channel and i got a black screen for the entire hour. This eppie was supposed to be So good and i really need to see it.\n\nSo, i've been looking online for the past hour for sites that have the eppisode online and can't find any. So can someone ACTUALLY look and not just give me something that would have vids on it like youtube, because i looked there and it wasn't on there. Also tried to cw site and everywhere else.\n\nIf someone can actually find the site with the video on it, i'll give you 10pts. <33", 'id': 10, 'best': 'Get TiVo. :)', 'answers': ['www.youtube.com', 'Get TiVo. :)']}
{'gt_query': ['prom', 'tickets', 'style'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'junior prom tickets?', 'body': 'for the students, do we have "wedding style" tickets with an envelope, card, photo info, etc? or is that just for the chaperones? i was thinking of a huge "index card" length ticket. i dunno. just give me some input plz.', 'id': 11, 'best': "I don't think it would really matter. It's your prom and you can be as creative as you want with it. \nI think it would go along with whatever your theme is. If you had a really elegant, formal theme, a more elaborate invite would be appropriate. If it's a jungle theme, or something more fun, it can be more laid back. Just have fun with it. I promise you no one even pays attention to the invites. Go cheap and above all- EASY!", 'answers': ["I don't think it would really matter. It's your prom and you can be as creative as you want with it. \nI think it would go along with whatever your theme is. If you had a really elegant, formal theme, a more elaborate invite would be appropriate. If it's a jungle theme, or something more fun, it can be more laid back. Just have fun with it. I promise you no one even pays attention to the invites. Go cheap and above all- EASY!"]}
{'gt_query': ['newest', 'elements', 'names'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'How can you ?', 'body': "who will approve the names of the newest elements? Wil it be A) the scientist that discover each element\nB) a committee scientist\nC) the chemist's from a research insitution", 'id': 12, 'best': 'The answer is B. The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC), an organization of chemical societies from 44 countries, makes the final decision when naming new elements. \n\nThe scientist who discovers the element can only suggest a name.', 'answers': ['The answer is B. The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC), an organization of chemical societies from 44 countries, makes the final decision when naming new elements. \n\nThe scientist who discovers the element can only suggest a name.', 'A', 'I agree, A']}
{'gt_query': ['wear', 'legs', 'shave'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'What do I wear...?', 'body': 'I didnt shave my legs recently and and I dont have any pants and I need a outfit in 5 minutes. I cant get in the shower!!', 'id': 13, 'best': "Unless the hair is REALLY visible from a distance (either ask ur mom or someone or look in the mirror from a distance for this), it's fine. Just wear a denim skirt, a cute shirt, and a necklace. Wear some flip flops or flats :) Good luck!", 'answers': ['how about a long skirt or leggings?', 'How about a long skirt?', "Well, saying you don't have pants wear capris,panty hose,leggings\n\nGOOD LUCK!", 'well u could wear stockings or a leggings.', "Unless the hair is REALLY visible from a distance (either ask ur mom or someone or look in the mirror from a distance for this), it's fine. Just wear a denim skirt, a cute shirt, and a necklace. Wear some flip flops or flats :) Good luck!", 'leggings under shorts/ skirt! Or panty hose..', 'CRISIS! well leggings work amazingly.', 'panty hose']}
{'gt_query': ['dance', 'classes'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'What dance class other than poms?', 'body': 'I am going to take a poms dance class I would like to know which other dance class I should take.Dance classes as in hiphop , Jazz , or Ballet. What do you think?', 'id': 14, 'best': "That's a very hard choice because all three can help you in poms. What do you want to do? Do you want a future as a professional dancer? If so, take ballet. Ballet is the base of all dance and it can only help you. If you're planning on doing poms/dance team in school, take jazz. There are many elements in jazz that are similar to those in poms and jazz also teaches good techniques.", 'answers': ["That's a very hard choice because all three can help you in poms. What do you want to do? Do you want a future as a professional dancer? If so, take ballet. Ballet is the base of all dance and it can only help you. If you're planning on doing poms/dance team in school, take jazz. There are many elements in jazz that are similar to those in poms and jazz also teaches good techniques."]}
{'gt_query': ['king', 'hill', 'favorite', 'episode'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'King of the Hill?', 'body': "How often do you guys watch King of the Hill? What is your favorite episode? My favorite one is when Luanne, meets this guy and the guy does something to her (like i don't know), so then, she tells, someone that she is pregant. Then Bobby, sneaks under her bed when she leaves. O'h my that one was really crazy.", 'id': 15, 'best': 'We watch a few times per week.  My favorite is when Bobby takes the female self-defense class and starts yelling at the bullies, "That\'s my purse!  I don\'t know you!"', 'answers': ['We watch a few times per week.  My favorite is when Bobby takes the female self-defense class and starts yelling at the bullies, "That\'s my purse!  I don\'t know you!"', 'I hate that show! It\'s so racist against asians! Plus they are soooo stupid!!! But that\'s my own opinion!!!!!!! Blpththeptptp!!! Don\'t swear at me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WAH!!!!! U R SSSSOOOOOOOOO MEAN!!!!!!!!!! I"M ONLY 13 STOP YELLING AT ME!!!!! GET A LIFE THAT DOESN"T REVOLVE AROUD SWEARING! I SAID IT WAS JUST MY OPINION!!! SHEESH READ THAT PART! KING OF THE HILL IS RACIST!!! I"M NOT LYING! SO STOP SWEARING AT ME! I"M IN AMERICA WHERE I"M ALLOWED TO HAVE MY OWN OPINION! I DON"T HAVE TO AGREE WITH YOU! I CAN DISLIKE AND LIKE WHAT I WANT!!!!!!!!!', 'i like that show, hard to believe it was made by same guy as beavis and butthead. i liked the one where luanne hooked up with the redneck who won a settlement for slipping on peepee', 'I love that show.', 'I like the one when Hank get buck cheek replacements and joins a group for men just like him and then he is in a lwnmower race and blows one of his cheeks and the one of the guys from his group are there and they throw him one of his and he wins the race.', "i've watched it a few times, but doesnt compare to the likes of south park and family guy"]}
{'gt_query': ['serial', 'killer', 'symphtoms'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'serial killers?', 'body': 'well i just got finished watching this thing about serial killers, and i was wondering what are the symphtoms of peple who are going to become serial killers when they grow up???????', 'id': 16, 'best': 'I think animal torture is one.', 'answers': ['The professionals refer to it as "the triad" ...\n\n1) Bed wetting (beyond a reasonable age)\n2) Torturing animals\n3) Starting fires\n\nObviously, kids that do this don\'t necessarily grow up to be serial killers, but those are the big warning signs.', 'Many would-be serial killers display sadomasochistic tendencies. They like to torture and kill animals, will be aggressive with peers, they may light fires, get involved in anti-social behaviors, and the like. It is not a misconception when people say "It\'s always the quiet ones" because some of them also will withdraw from society.', 'Many cases it is from very severe child abuse.In all forms and generally from a combination of sex, mental, physical, emotional, verbal and spiritual. They are so fragmented they are many people in one body due to the abuse.', "we're just as normal as you......", 'Being in an environment with violent people.', 'I think animal torture is one.', 'Loners, poor social skills, usually very intelligent.....Holy Shit! That could be me!', 'there are no symptons....either you are or you arent', "cereal killers --- NOOOOO! now I know why Tony the Tiger is in hiding and Cap'n Crunch joined a religious cult. They are comin' to get ya silly wabbit. \n... and I oftened wondered... Snap, Crackel, Pop!... are they homosexual??", 'watch Natural Born Killers. that is a good example. :)', 'katies You are on TV now...\n★ http://www.osoq.com/funstuff/extra/extra04.asp?strName=katies', 'Brain damage\nMental problems\nAbuse', "they have an anti-social personality, they are cold, don't have a conscience, they hurt animals.", "sociopaths.....sometimes as kids they kill or hurt animals and think its ok or worse, funny.  sometimes they are the social outcasts of a group of kids (young kids).....it's hard to tell.....pure evil is always disguised by looking good.", 'Profile of a serial killer  has been involved with cruelty to animals, was abused by a family member, bed wetting, and there are many other symptoms. I recently watched a documentary where they were scanning the brains of people who were convicted of killing only one person and then scanning a subject who has been convicted of multiple killings and a normal person. The brain function in the person  that was convicted of multiple killings were different. Also they were doing a series of test. One where subjects were put in a quite room and watching a t.v. screen where you  would watch a  count down from 10. They were given headphones. When the countdown was over they would hear a noise kinda like nails across a chalkboard. Normal subjects, as they were counting down would sweat, heart rate would increase. Most serial killers, psychopatchs did not have that emotion.']}
{'gt_query': ['aguilera', 'set', 'list', 'christina', 'songs'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'christina aguilera set list?', 'body': 'does anyone know what songs christina aguilera plays in her concert.  i am going to see her on thursday and cant wait.  much obliged to anyone who knows.', 'id': 17, 'best': "As the concert is called 'Back to Basics', I would imagine she'll be singing a lot of the songs from her album of that same name, eg., Back In The Day, Ain't No Other Man, Understand, Slow Down Baby, Oh Mother, On Our Way, Without You, Still Dirrty, Here To Stay, Thank You, Enter The Circus, Welcome, Candyman, Nasty Naughty Boy, I Got Trouble, Hurt, Mercy On Me.  Have a great time!", 'answers': ['I remember she sang "Genie in a Bottle" in 1999.', 'WELL I GUESS MOST OF HER SONGS WILL BE SUNG\nESPECIALLY HURT AND AINT NO OTHER MAN ARE BOUND 2 B SUNG\nHAVE FUN!!!!!!!!\nLOL', "As the concert is called 'Back to Basics', I would imagine she'll be singing a lot of the songs from her album of that same name, eg., Back In The Day, Ain't No Other Man, Understand, Slow Down Baby, Oh Mother, On Our Way, Without You, Still Dirrty, Here To Stay, Thank You, Enter The Circus, Welcome, Candyman, Nasty Naughty Boy, I Got Trouble, Hurt, Mercy On Me.  Have a great time!"]}
{'gt_query': ['limp', 'iron', 'hematologist'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Scared to death..?', 'body': 'I took my daughter to the emergency room because of a limp. We sat 3 hours, had numerous x-rays done and then lots of blood work and the nurses came in and told me that she needed to see a hematologist on monday and that it wasn\'t her leg that was bothering her it was her blood. They said they "weren\'t comfortable" giving a diagnosis but when i said  that she didn\'t act sick or anything they said "Well she feels pretty bad, I can guarantee that- probably too sick to complain." I\'m nervous and scared and don\'t know what it could be. Her white count was elevated and her iron was 22/3 when it should be 12/17. It\'s a long weekend and they want me to wait until Monday to know anything..has anyone heard of this before? Experienced it? Any doctors out there that know what it might be?', 'id': 18, 'best': "please don't assume anything. wait for the professionals to figure it out. good luck", 'answers': ["I'm not a doctor, nor do I know what it might be. Unfortunately, as parents, we tend to worry and fear the worst when our kids get sick. I know I do. If they were willing to let you wait until Monday to find out what the results are, then I would take it as a sign that it must not be too bad. Otherwise they would have admitted her to the hospital right away. I hope this helps. I'll keep you and your sweet little girl in my prayers.", "how high is the white blood count exactly?  A little high could just mean an infection.  If it's completely ridiculously high, that could mean something serious.  I tried to look this up but could not find anything with the combination of lab tests you gave.  Hope everything turns out ok....\n\nIf she was anemic, her iron would NOT be high.... it would be low..I am confused as to the 22/3..which one is the iron?\n\nIf it were me, I would DEMAND a hematologist see her now... or leave and go to a better emergency room.", 'I wish I could help. Maybe try to get another opinion on Thur or Friday at an urgent care or something? Try not to worry, God bless you.', 'oh that is sad but i am Sherie she will be ok \n\n\n(if not sorry )', "OMG, I'm so sorry to hear this. No I have no idea what's up so I'm not any help. I just wanted to tell you, I'll be keeping my fingers crossed for you and your daughter.", "She's anemic from something, it could be from bleeding internally it could be something like leukemia, simple or serious but they can't give a diagnosis, she needs a specialist, she's pretty young and sometimes doctors want a specialists opinion rather then guess when they don't know all the facts.  I would try not to worry, let the doctors do the research, learn all you can about what's wrong from them, not from the internet because there are so many things it could be again serious to simple.", 'GOOD LUCK!!!!! HOPE SHE GETS BETTER.', 'I really hate when they do that--waiting really sucks!\n\nI hope U get a Doctor to respond but in the mean time before U worry Urself sick check around the internet about blood disorders.Regardless of what U find do NOT jump to conclusions,find things to do to stay busy until Monday-My thoughts and prayers are with U all.', "please don't assume anything. wait for the professionals to figure it out. good luck"]}
{'gt_query': ['neck', 'spasms', 'tmj', 'cause', 'jaw'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'What causes neck spasms?', 'body': 'I have been getting spasms in my neck not all the time but occassionally they will happen... what causes the neck to spasm?  I do have tmj in my jaw...could that be why? And please no answers Like "OMG YOUR DYING!" K thanks.', 'id': 19, 'best': 'Probably a Magnesium deficiency.  \n\nMg is found in fresh vegetables - especially the green leafy ones - and almonds are a particularly good source.  It is excreted more if you are on diuretics, including caffeine, alcohol.  Magnesium supplements are good to get your levels up.', 'answers': ['Probably a Magnesium deficiency.  \n\nMg is found in fresh vegetables - especially the green leafy ones - and almonds are a particularly good source.  It is excreted more if you are on diuretics, including caffeine, alcohol.  Magnesium supplements are good to get your levels up.', 'There are several reasons I think. I had them twice, shortly after I migrated from Holland to Australia by myself when I was 21. Only with hindsight I realize that this was pretty stressful.  The first time I went to see a DR because of the pain which is very severe. He told me there was nothing he could do and gave me a week off work. I was depressed and went to a bar, had a whiskey. I had another one and started to feel just fine. Then I had a third one, went home and had a sleep. When I woke up the spasm was gone. You beauty!!!!!!!!!! And still a week with no work.']}
{'gt_query': ['jeans', 'bath', 'fit'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'How to make jeans fit you better, how long do you sit in the bath with them on?', 'body': "I've heard that to make jeans fit you better, you should sit in the bath with them on before you first wash them. Is this right?  How long for?", 'id': 21, 'best': "Have them tailored.  Jeans from the rack will not fit you perfectly.  I've never heard of the bathtub thing, but even if it did work, the results would be destroyed when you washed them.", 'answers': ["Have them tailored.  Jeans from the rack will not fit you perfectly.  I've never heard of the bathtub thing, but even if it did work, the results would be destroyed when you washed them.", 'nope\n\nbut them large enough so that they fit\n\nI have about 50 pair, I sort them by actual size and wear the ones that fit\n\nan alternative is to get overalls, they always fit', 'Never heard of this before,lol', "ive never heard of that b4! there are loads of different syles of jeans from fitted to bootcut. if you prefer them looser but not to baggy try 'boyfriend' jeans. loads of places sell them topshop do a good pair as do new look", 'i never heard of that before', 'Agree with you Ridgely, in my day 1960"s sit in the bath for as long as possible and let them dry on you\nCold water I think?', "Hmm I've heard of this, but you have to go to a professional place and they custom make and shrink the jeans to fit you perfectly. I think it's a little more complicated than sitting in a bathtub however, so i wouldn't try it. xD", "They used to do that in the 70's to get super skin tight jeans, it only works with origional pure cotton ones, most modern jeans have a lycra mix for stretchiness and that wont work, you'll just end up with wet jeans. \nIf you find some cotton only jeans make sure they are reasonably tight and get em wet then dry them on, they will shrink fit to your body shape. Be warned you wont be able to walk properly or sit down in them though honey! \nBest advice is to get some super tight modern jeans with lycra so you can still breathe in them. Try Miss Sixty, or earl jeans. xxxxxxxxxxxx", 'can only do this if they have not been prehsrunk you will find now days that almost all jeans are. We use to fill the bath up with hot water and sit until you felt them getting tight then get out and drip dry in the yard oh and don;t for get to wipe up the spills', "OMG...now I've never heard of that one!  But, why don't you just try different styles of jeans until you find one that fits you better?  The jeans that fit your best friend great may not fit you the same way...no matter what you do to them, so get what works for you!", '6 hours every day', 'OMG...ii have never heard of that', "NO, that is stupid unless you are going to let them dry on you. You have to buy them fitted to you. You may have a small amt. of shrinksge when you dry them on hig heat but buying them to fit and not skin tight solves that problem. If you are shorter and low wasted buy low or mid rise jeans and try them on. I can't wear reg. jeans because the waist is too high. Mid rise fit much better and show nothing on me. I have to wear a belt sometimes if they are looser at the top. So, buy to fit and wash and dry on low heat if you are afraid of shrinkage at least the first time. Most jeans give a little so that shouldn't matter. Good luck. Also, all brands fit different and all sizes are not the same.", 'You should buy them in the proper size from the get go!!', 'I have never heard that before. I usually buy them a little big to allow for shrinkage, if still big then wear a belt.', 'dont be so daft!', 'That is really oddballing it.', 'ewww. thats awkward.in the bath?\nummm i wouldnt.\nif there too tight wash them but hang them up to dry instead of using the dryer.', 'HA HA HA ! we used to wear them wet untill they dried back in the day...', 'I find to make my jeans fit better, I just need to buy the correct size.', '3 days..', 'uh, no you dont.', "when new\nif you have  us wranglers, or Levis, the best way is  to go in the sea for 20 Min's and lay on the Beach in the sun till dry. we do that  , I like  to see my girlfriend  wiggle out of them.  cheap jeans will fall a part"]}
{'gt_query': ['cheaper', 'preppy', 'pants'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Where Can I get Preppy pants?', 'body': 'Where can i get preppy pants not from Hollister or anything like that i dont have enough money but are there any cheaper pants that are similar that i can afford? Tell me what style please , also', 'id': 22, 'best': 'Try preppy pants r us or ask for the dickies brand at walmart', 'answers': ["Try going to Queer-Mart,,, I think they'll have all the gay styles there.", 'Try preppy pants r us or ask for the dickies brand at walmart', "American Eagle makes great jeans, they fit nice and are pretty cheap. I have a pair of jeans from there I got off the clearance rack for $15! Kohl's also has some great jeans and they have tons of brands and styles. If you really like how Hollister or Abercrombie jeans fit, go to Plato's Closet, they have jeans from both those stores and many others for about $10.", "Almost all jeans/pants are basically the same fit now a day. because things that aren't in don't sell very well, obviously.\nold navy, department stores, stores like gabriel brothers or marshals all carry pants.\nor outlet stores. you can get abercrombie/hollister/whatever for super cheap.", 'A&F has good clean cut kakhis', 'www.ae.com\nwww.abcrombie.com\nwww.alloy.com (cheapest) \nwww.buckle.com \nwww.forever21.com', "Old Navy has a few styles of pants, and they aren't terribly expensive. Aeropostale also is good."]}
{'gt_query': ['boy', 'friend', 'shouts', 'bosses', 'bullys'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Wat shud i do?', 'body': "Recently my best boy friend has been treating me really unfairly! Every chance he gets he starts me and shouts at me! He bosses me about and bullys me! Recently he said 2me that he wants to hav a truths, i z that was grand but then he siad a whole pile of stuff, that people r sayin things bout me, wen i ask them they said that they did'nt say anything like that! Im really startin 2 hate him! Wat shud i do?", 'id': 23, 'best': "i'm sorry about how your boyfriend is treating you. but he keeps on doing that because you allow him to.  get out of that relationship at once! believe me, it would get worse! he is simply telling you he doesn't want you anymore, so what are you waiting for? love yourself.  this relationship has not and will not in any way diminish your chances of finding happiness elsewhere. your value as a person does not depend on any man's assessment of you.", 'answers': ["he doesn't sound like a best boyfriend. Dump him before he hurts you even more and move on! You'll find someone who'll treat you like Gold!", 'babygirl dont put yourself through that shit leave hes puck ass alone...real shit', 'Do you purposely spell that poorly?  I thought I was lost without spell check.\n\nAnyway, separate yourself from him.  You should avoid relationships that are hurtful to you.', 'get a new man', 'YOU SHOULD LEARN HOW TO SPELL. GET NEW Boyfriend', 'dont just jump over decision\nmake sure that what u think is right\nif ur b/f is really treating unfairly\n \ndont tolelrate him n try to find out the reason why he behaving like that', "i'm sorry about how your boyfriend is treating you. but he keeps on doing that because you allow him to.  get out of that relationship at once! believe me, it would get worse! he is simply telling you he doesn't want you anymore, so what are you waiting for? love yourself.  this relationship has not and will not in any way diminish your chances of finding happiness elsewhere. your value as a person does not depend on any man's assessment of you."]}
{'gt_query': ['contract', 'discontinue', 'reimburse', 'service'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': "What are my rights as a consumer when I've paid for 15 montths of a service, used 12 and want to discontinue?", 'body': "I've practiced Kunk Fu at a School for the past year.  I'm not interested in continuing.  I signed a contract saying that if I need to discontinue, they'll reimburse.  The contract doesn't specify how much or a time-frame of paying back.  Is the amount pro-rated by law? Thanks for your time and expertise.  Daniel, Berkeley, Ca.", 'id': 24, 'best': 'Ask them, they may give you a partial refund.  Look at the fine print in your contract as there is often a pro-rata refund for cancellations.', 'answers': ['Ask them, they may give you a partial refund.  Look at the fine print in your contract as there is often a pro-rata refund for cancellations.']}
{'gt_query': ['scan', 'classify', 'find', 'MS', 'file', 'word'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'what is the best way to scan in magazine clippings w photos and file them in MS word?', 'body': 'Can buy new scanner. I will need to be able to classify and find articles easily. Please recomend a scanner product that will help.', 'id': 25, 'best': 'Hp scanner is always the best =)', 'answers': ['Hp scanner is always the best =)']}
{'gt_query': ['firefox', 'yahoo', 'login', 'button'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Login button?', 'body': 'I have the Yahoo login button on my IE. I have SBC which has an agreement with Yahoo. Is there anyway to put it on my Firefox. \nThanks!', 'id': 26, 'best': 'You can install the Yahoo Toolbar for Firefox - http://toolbar.yahoo.com/firefox\n\nFrom there you can get a login button as well as links to other Yahoo services.', 'answers': ['You can install the Yahoo Toolbar for Firefox - http://toolbar.yahoo.com/firefox\n\nFrom there you can get a login button as well as links to other Yahoo services.']}
{'gt_query': ['girlfriend', 'kids'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'My new girlfriend has kids... should I tell my friends?', 'body': "My friends or people I hang out with in this case aren't really as important as say my girlfriend or closer friends. Just more of a group of couples and stags that get together from time to time. They are high class and judgmental. Their opinions of me mean little but they do enjoy gossip and I'd rather not give them some fuel. Should I not let it known my new girl has children and if not, do you think its rude to ask my girlfriend not to mention it?", 'id': 27, 'best': "You're obviously not comfortable telling them that matter although you know that there's nothing wrong with somebody having kids.  You don't want to be the receiving end of their gossip so don't tell them, after all, it's your life and you do what you want to do without exposing yourself to negative stories of certain people.  If you explain this to your girlfriend quite nicely, she will understand that you're not having an issue with her and I think she will understand you.  Good luck.", 'answers': ["You're obviously not comfortable telling them that matter although you know that there's nothing wrong with somebody having kids.  You don't want to be the receiving end of their gossip so don't tell them, after all, it's your life and you do what you want to do without exposing yourself to negative stories of certain people.  If you explain this to your girlfriend quite nicely, she will understand that you're not having an issue with her and I think she will understand you.  Good luck.", 'Who cares if she has kids? If you like her and enjoy her company then it shouldn\'t matter. And it sounds like you should start finding some new "friends." If someone is going to judge you by who you hang out with, or whether or not your girlfriend has kids by someone else, then they certainly aren\'t friend material.', "It's not your story to tell.\n\nAdd to that, why should you even care what your friends think about it? Go for what makes you happy.  If you keep minding what other people will say, you won't go anywhere.", 'The fact that you even had to pose this question says that you should dump these so-called friends of yours.  If knowing that you are involoved with a woman who has a few kiddies gets their attention that much, then they may need to find other things to do with their lives.  Take up a hobby!  Start a bowling league!  They just need to get a life!(And yes, it would be rude for you to tell your girl not to mention her kids.   No one--well other than really bad parents--like to hide their kids!)', "What should it matter if she has kids? She's had a prior relationship; so what? Her children shouldn't matter. If anything, that should give her MORE respect. It means she already has experience as a mother", "If you really like her, they'll find out eventually, and if they are true friends, it won't matter. Let that be the test for you", 'Why wouldn\'t you tell your friends she has kids? Honey, let me tell you, your "friends" whether they be "high class" or not should not have anything negative to say about your girlfriend having kids. I have a daughter myself and I don\'t have a problem with getting a date but if the man is not okay with my having my child, he\'s not for me; not to mention, I would not hide the fact that I have her to please him or his "high class" friends. If they have negative things to say about her having a child/children, "high class" is not the term to use for them. You can\'t get any more low class. Use your best judgement and talk to your girlfriend about the situation. Just approach that conversation cautiously and explain to her the reasons you feel you should not mention her children, but be delicate and calm toned--that won\'t be the easiet subject to hit on, but if you want this relationship to go anywhere, she needs to know where you\'re coming from.', 'if you really love her the best thing to do is say ," my girlfriend has kids, and i dont mind, and if say i am stupid, then ill just have to say yes, stupid in love"', "Priorities seem to be an issue here and you appear to be a bit confused. Yes it would be rude to ask your girlfriend to hide the fact that she has children. Her children are part of HER and if you want to be with her, you must accept her children as well . If she's a good mother, she will resent your request and it will ruin your relationship. You probably should find a girlfriend with no children, then you wouldn't have to lie.", 'TRUST ME, YOUR MORE OF A MAN THAN THE KIDS DADDY AND YOUR FRIENDS WILL RESPECT YOU FOR WHAT YOUR DOIN, FAIR PLAY TO YOU ..', "I would just warn her about your friends' tendencies to like to gossip and let her decide.  I have family that is the same way, so I totally understand.  About the opinions not mattering and all.  Its not that it matters, but its so much easier not to have to listen to their gossip, etc. etc.\n\nI would just let her know that there is the potential for them to cause a bit of trouble, and that if she would rather not put up with it, she may want to be selective about the personal information she discloses.  Kids and all.\n\nHowever, I am pretty sure her response will be the same as mine, which is, Why the Heck are you Hanging Out With Them Then?  -Just warning you...  :-)", "Maybe in this case you have to choose, your girlfriend or friends, cause their gossiping can hurt her. \n\nOr, you better tell them in advance that you care for this specific girl and that they should not be rude to her about her kids. If you don't expect them to behave how they should, you should just avoid them\n\nAnd YES, it is veeeeery rude to ask her not to mention her kids", 'If the two of you are happy then the opinions of others should not matter.  If the topic comes up then be honest but if not then just leave it be, they are going to say whatever they want regardless.  If they are so judgemental with you are they really worth your time to begin with?', "you should not tell those people you hang out with if you don't want to. Those who are close to you may seem more if i should say helpful because they've got your back if they are up to it. \n\nNo, it is not rude to POLITELY ask your girlfriend not to mention the kids because if you want to prevent something from happening then you need to step up quit being so afraid and tell her but very nicely because you don't want anything to happen in your relationship!\n\n\n      If you need anything else just email me at: Babylia17@yahoo.com   hope this helps!!!!!*", 'really up to you on that one.  Personally it should not matter.  If your friends are true friends it would not make any difference.  Its how you feel about her having children already.  If its ok with you then you should not need thier approval.', 'you should tell anyone. Dont be ashamed.', "If your embarrassed by her, then you don't respect her enough to be in the relationship.  Who cares what other people think of her?  I know you want her to be accepted, but hiding things about her is not the way to go about it.  If you are proud of her, show it, then people won't have anything to say.  And yes, its rude to ask her not to say anything....think about your true feelings here, be fair to her.", "If these aren't your close friends, its not their business, but even if they are it shouldn't be that important to them. Its all about how you feel about her having kids. If she is your girlfriend, you obviously see something in her. When you date a single mom, you also have to have some kind of relationship with the kids, if its serious. I wouldn't care what those people thought.", 'Very bad if you would ask your girlsfriend not to mention her children to your friend.  By the way your friends are not important as your partner they are just the for the entertainment not in sorrows, If I were you I would introduce my girl to them and her children cause I love her.  Simple as that.  Not difficult', "Well, if you plan on becoming serious with this girl..your gonna have to tell your friends. If your only seeing each other and it's not serious..I wouldn't bother.", 'what?    F those assholes.     sounds like ur one of them', "High class does not mean they have any class. So don't tell anyone who is superficial any of your business. It will only hurt you and they never have anything positive to say.", 'It is definitely rude to ask your girlfriend not to mention her kids.  It will shake the relationship, believe me.  If you say that you don\'t hold the opinion of your, so called "friends", you don\'t have to worry, it\'s your life, isn\'t it?']}
{'gt_query': ['flute', 'websites', 'dynamics'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'What are some websites that tell/teach you how to play different dynamics on a flute?', 'body': 'I need to find 10 different websites that talk about playing different dynamics on a flute and am having a lot of trouble with it, can any one help me??', 'id': 28, 'best': 'try the national flute association webpage or the larry krantz page.  both of these will have lots of links if not the direct answer to your question.', 'answers': ['http://www.vcisinc.com/flute.htm', 'try the national flute association webpage or the larry krantz page.  both of these will have lots of links if not the direct answer to your question.']}
{'gt_query': ['breastpump', 'producing', 'day'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'How often do you incorporate the breastpump in your day?For how long?', 'body': 'I tried 15 min and a probably filled 1/3 of a bottle..Its so frustrating , how long does it take to fill a bottle?Im I not producing enough milk? Then it feels like one breast is not enough to feel the baby ..Im really confused about this..', 'id': 29, 'best': 'Try letting your husband suck it all out and spit it into a cereal bowl. Then pour some cornflakes into it to soak and preserve freshness. Freeze the cornflakes in an airtight container and rub it briskly once a decade.', 'answers': ['Try letting your husband suck it all out and spit it into a cereal bowl. Then pour some cornflakes into it to soak and preserve freshness. Freeze the cornflakes in an airtight container and rub it briskly once a decade.', "I'm getting so turned on right now...", "Frequency produces more milk better than the length of time you pump. TRUST ME. Make sure you have a good pump. Not every pump is for every woman. The best kind is the hospital-grade ones from the hospital (you can rent them), that way they empty your breasts in like half the time! They are most efficient to being like the baby emptying your breast. TRUST ME get a good pump! I JUST went through exactly what you are talking about a month ago and I didn't have a good pump in time and no matter what I did my milk supply went away after a couple weeks. Also if you take the herb fenugreek (or however you spell it) it helps increase your milk supply. My lactation consultant told me that and gave me a handout--so let me assure you it is safe. But really, you need a hospital grade pump. Make sure when you pump it is not painful.", 'Da...thunderpants Maybe I can give you a hand.', "it depends on how often you use your pump. because the more you use it the more your milk will stimulate and your milk will flow easier. you just have to keep working at it and don't give up, just keep trying. (Mother 0f 3 breastfed kids.)", "I used a breastpump for the first 4 months so that I could go out if needed without having to worry about breastfeeding too often. First I used a manual Avent Isis. It took me 45 minutes to express an ounce of milk. It was tiring. So then I got an electric double breastpump by Medela. It is expesive, but it works! I use it for 10 minutes and I'm done. I can express 3-5 onces from each breast. \n\nThe problem with the manual pump, especially if you are first time mom, is that it doesn't stimulate a let down. If you know how to stimulate a let down by yourself, then a manual pump will work out just fine.", "FIRST feed your baby...a little bit on each side per feeding.  THEN, go pump out whatever milk you have left, on both sides.  The more you feed and pump, the more milk your body will (usually) produce.  It's all about supply and demand.  drink LOTS and LOTS of water through out the day....so much that you start to feel like a fish in water!  Hydration also produces milk.  If after you do this for a few days, you still don't feel like you are producing what you would like to, talk to your doctor OR go to your local health food store and enquire about remedies they can recommend to help increase your milk production.  It could also just be that you are not a big producer....not everybody is.", 'Tried a pump, it hurt like the dev*l! I used my hand to express the milk. Once you get the hang of it, it"s really fast. Hold four fingers under breast like you are supporting it, with the thumb on the top side push towards nipple. Work from outside towards the nipple. Working around the breast. Good luck.', 'Are you just pumping while you\'re separated from your baby, or are you exclusively pumping instead of nursing?  If you\'ve been nursing your baby with no problems, then it\'s doubtful that you\'re not producing enough milk.  Many women have difficulty pumping.  Remember that your baby is much more efficient at getting milk from your body than any breastpump.  Your body has to learn to produce milk for the pump.  What sort of pump are you using?  If you\'re going to be regularly separated from your baby (like full-time work), then ideally you should use a double electric breast pump.  You\'ll need to pump at least as often as your baby will nurse, for about 15-20 minutes, and you\'ll probably get better results if you pump both breasts simultaneously.  If you\'re just trying to get milk for the occasional bottle, then you could try pumping on one side while nursing your baby on the other.  Your baby will get your milk flowing and you\'ll probably be more successful.  Other good times to pump are first thing in the morning (your milk supply is naturally highest at night and early morning), or after taking a shower/bath (the warm water helps to stimulate your milk to let down).  You can collect milk from several pumping sessions to get enough.  Remember that a breastfed baby only needs 2-3 ounces at a time, so you don\'t need to "fill" a bottle.  If your baby is a newborn and you don\'t have to pump, it\'s probably best to just concentrate on nursing and establishing your milk supply.  You can always try to pump again in a few weeks once your milk supply is better established.  Even if you pump and immediately nurse, there will still be milk for your baby.  See the links below for lots more ideas.', 'Try drinking plenty liquids (water and juice).  It can be frustrating but hang in there.  One day I went to the mall and i could feel i was very full(that hurt feeling)because i had not feed yet and when i went and sat in the car and I filled one of the bottles that come with the pump in least than 5 mins.  If you massage your breast close to your chest that will stimulate your milk ducts.']}
{'gt_query': ['make-up', 'brown', 'green', 'eyes', 'hair'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'What kind of make-up would look good on a thirteen-year-old with curly brown hairand green eyes?', 'body': "I don't want to wear a lot and look like a tart. Just a little to enhance my features...etc. What colours would suit me? Bring out my eyes etc.", 'id': 30, 'best': "Very little\nfor your eyes something soft and sheer in a mauve or lilac.\nmaybe a soft peachy  or rosy blush.\ni would suggest a lipgloss and never ever lipstick or lipliner.\nIf you really need mascara try a brown shade.\nIt's nice to start dressing up but remember to keep it light and age appropriate. Also to wash it off at night.", 'answers': ["Very little\nfor your eyes something soft and sheer in a mauve or lilac.\nmaybe a soft peachy  or rosy blush.\ni would suggest a lipgloss and never ever lipstick or lipliner.\nIf you really need mascara try a brown shade.\nIt's nice to start dressing up but remember to keep it light and age appropriate. Also to wash it off at night.", 'If I was you, I would go for Sheer, shimmery colors. Dont go for dark colors because you will end up looking weird because you are still young. In my opinion Maybelline makes great products and they are coming out with all sorts of great Light colors for people. So I would go for a light purple such as a sheer lavender with shimmer. Stay away from Glitter, young people tend to put it on and it looks ridiculous. If you want a sparkle, go for shimmer, its pretty and wont make you stand out.  Light lip glosses go well too, such as a clear or light sheer pink color, bonne belle makes good cheap lipglosses for people your age. You could also try a Light colored silver eyeliner with a little shimmer in it, that will look great!', "you are kind of young to put makeup .. beside it's not good for you skin", 'Since green eyes are really gorgeous, I say bring them out more by using a volumizing brown(for day)/black(for evening)mascara. I am also a 13 year old and I were mascara to bring out the beauty in my eyes. If you want to do eye shadow, purple will look good with your green eyes.', "here sweety  here is your solution\nmedium/ light brown liner only on bottom \nONLY light shimmery shadow on top then go aroung the liner on bottom with shimmery shadow\nblack mascara you'll look great it will bring attention to your green eyes but make your hair stand out too", "Put a pale shimmery purple on your lid, and a swipe or two of brown mascara on your top lashes. Lipgloss with a little medium pink tint will be nice for your coloring, too. I'd skip everything else for a couple of years. Thirteen is a tough age for make-up. Most girls look like they're trying too hard, and you don't want to be one of THOSE. Ew. :)", 'try a bit of brown mascara and orange lip gloss. i think orange would really match your eyes and hair.', "i'd say green eye shadow and brown lipstick.", 'You are young...so you are right in that you dont want to look like a tart! Here are some natural enhancers that you could use, and still look pretty and fresh! Your eyes...well lucky you they are GREEN! A very nice deep purple shade of eyeliner, or eyeshadow could bring them out beautifully! Only line your lash line, and slightly extend out at the tips. Another beauty enhancer for you is Lavender eyeshadow! Try it out...a pale shimmery shade of lavender or lilac and wear it from eyes to eyebwrows! Then mascara black or brown and that is it for the eyes.\n\nFor lips keep them simple...because you are bringing out your eyes! Wear a gloss only! Berry shades (dark berry or wine) will look beautiful with your Brown hair, if you are cool skinned. If you are warm skinned, wear a shade of gold pink, peach or coral gloss. You will know your skin tone by tan (olive) yellow (asian) or cool (pink) undertones. This will define the shades for make up. Lastly if you want to add spark... take your front section only and add a natural blond shade throughout your curls in very fine textured highlights...(look through mags or talk to stylist) like two or three wisps only. You want it to look like the sun did it, or add a few strands of bright red highlights for a fun and daring look. You have great coloring....you dont need much! Just use these tips for enhancement...but try to look natural (or more natural at least until you turn like, 16!', "Stick with lip gloss at your age. It's the most flattering, because your face is probably young and nice enough looking that you won't need too much makeup. I used to wear lip gloss all the time when I was 13. Go for more expensive brands than the ones aimed at teens for a more longlasting look. Experiment a bit to find the perfect shade for your skin tone.", "No makeup would look fabulous on you. The natural and no makeup look is all the rage with youths. A little lipgloss is fine but eyeshadow, mascara, et cetera is a little too much now. Your face will thank you for it when you're older."]}
{'gt_query': ['spouse', 'pay', 'presents'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Does your spouse buy you Christmas presents with your money?', 'body': "Several years ago I got a computer for Christmas from my wife. It was really great. What I didn't know was she bought it through the Company I work for and I suddenly had an unexpected $125 a month coming off my pay cheque. The thought was great but the appearance of the bill was disturbing. Has this type of thing ever happened to you?", 'id': 31, 'best': "No, because i really don't want any store bought gift. Just being able to see his face in the morning. Just to hear the laughter in his voice. And to feel his warmth. And most of all just for that quality time he set aside for me makes it all good.", 'answers': ["No, because i really don't want any store bought gift. Just being able to see his face in the morning. Just to hear the laughter in his voice. And to feel his warmth. And most of all just for that quality time he set aside for me makes it all good.", 'No. My wife is a working lady with her own income. As such, what ever gifts she purchases for me is presumed to have been purchased from her account.', "No we don't adopt such techniques!", "No, I would not do something like this.  If something is going to be coming off of my husbands check then I would tell him first.  That's a decision that should be made together and not a 'Surprise'.  Yes it's the thought that counts but not a very wise decision.  Never-the-less we are human but hopefully if this disturbed you your wife will not do something like that again.  Remember, life is a learning experience!", 'its the thought that counts! does she not contribute to the bills! clean your house! take care of your kids! i dont personally have my own $ as i watch the kids and he works so al the presents even his are technicially from him!! family!!!', 'if they are my spouse than it is both of our money regardless of who earned it.', 'Well my husband always say that his money is our money and I am on Maternity leave right now so whatever gift he gets will come from his money. I do not think he will mind as long as he gets something under the tree.', 'Well first of all if she is a stay at home mom then she has no way of providing any income so yes she should be able to buy you some christmas presents with money you have earned because she slaves to keep both of your home clean takes care of the childern and makes sure the bills are paid on time. She does alot of work that most people take for granted and you shouldnt make her feel as if she is not worthy or doesnt do enough to be able to buy a few gifts!!', 'no  cause they should have there own money', 'Well now I guess that depends on how you look at it.  No I don\'t buy him gifts that appear as a deduction from his check but how different is that rom seeing the same gift show up on a credit card?  Should she of done that without speaking to you first?  I\'d say no but it appears her heart was in the right place.  Explain to her that you would like to be made aware of "surprises" like that in the future but I hope you also thanked her for thinking of such a great gift for you.']}
{'gt_query': ['mydatajob', 'experience'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Has anyone had a positive experience with MyDataJob.com?', 'body': "I'm looking for a typing job from home in my spare time.  They are presently asking for $49.99 and you will be provided with names of companies that can utilize your service (more or less).", 'id': 32, 'best': "I've always heard that anyone that requires you to pay money to find a job is a scam.", 'answers': ["I've always heard that anyone that requires you to pay money to find a job is a scam."]}
{'gt_query': ['yahoo', 'questions', 'missclassified'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Woah! What happened here? Theres so many questions about dating in this section?', 'body': 'How is dating realted to yahoo answers? Theres a reason there is a "singles and dating" section? Why are so many questions miscategorized now? And yahoo still hasnt started policing the perverted questions on the "family and relationships" section yet. It would be really nice if they would. All who agree say something and report the miscatagorized questions and perverted questions.', 'id': 33, 'best': 'yeah, u are right, i try my best to report the jerks on here! \n\nits good to know someone else feels the same way i feel about the situation\n\nhave a good day', 'answers': ['yeah, u are right, i try my best to report the jerks on here! \n\nits good to know someone else feels the same way i feel about the situation\n\nhave a good day', 'O.K.', 'ok. lol.']}
{'gt_query': ['relationship', 'married', 'other'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Both in love beyond words...cant be together...do I let go?', 'body': 'We are both in love, more than I thought possible, but he has gone back to his wife and kids for their sake, hes not happy but cant cause more pain.  They do not have a physical relationship.  We still see each other and there are no promises made, but I truly doubt in my heart he will stay married after the kids are out of the house in 5 years or so.  Do I keep a relationship, constantly reminded of how much I love and miss him when we are not together, having faith that it will work out in the end, or just cut it off completely, end the relationship, and try to move on.  I am not that young and have plenty of life experiences so this is not an infatuation.', 'id': 34, 'best': 'a true love is worth a million life but in your case from his side it does not seem so if you still feel he is worth you you can wait a million years to get a true love \n\nbut i still have a feeling ur wait is not worth u might love him but is he worth that love ask urself u will get the answer as you are the best person to judge \nif you still feel we can discuss ur problem in detail u can mail me', 'answers': ["I understand what you are going through and it is the hardest thing to do is to love someone that you can't be with. We both know that the best thing we can do is move on in life but for the hope of true love we don't. So we just enjoy the few minutes that we have with each other and hope that is enough. Love hurts in so many ways but no way can be worst then being without the one you do love. The best thing is to let go and hope that time will stop the pain.", "If he is so in love with you, he would leave his wife and see his kids, whenever he wanted.  Alot of men and women, use their kids, to keep from hurting the ones that they are using.  If you choose to spend the next five years waiting on him, then you are the  one missing out on life.  He has a life with his wife and kids and you are put on the back burner.  If you are not that young, then get out and find someone who is not married and get on with your life.  You would really be a fool, to wait 5 years on someone, who may never leave his family for you.  If they weren't having a physical relationship, his wife would know that there is someone else in his life and if she's smart, he would ask him to leave.  Think about this, would you truth him, if he were to leave her?  If he is messing with you, while he is married, what makes you think, he wouldn't find someone else, to mess with, when and if you two get together?  If I were you, I would leave him and move on with my life.  Find someone, that deserves your love.", 'a true love is worth a million life but in your case from his side it does not seem so if you still feel he is worth you you can wait a million years to get a true love \n\nbut i still have a feeling ur wait is not worth u might love him but is he worth that love ask urself u will get the answer as you are the best person to judge \nif you still feel we can discuss ur problem in detail u can mail me', "I think the best thing to do is to have a heart to heart dicussion with this guy. Let him know your feeling towards this relationship and please understand his positions as well. I can see from your explanation that you would like, if possible, to marry him. It's okay, but make sure he feels the same way towards you. It will be so disastrous if eventually you are faced with a big disappointment afterwards. Cheers!", "I'm so sorry. This sounds like a very difficult situation, but something tells me that your heart is already pulling you one way or the other and you are just searching for validation. What does he say about it? Does he even want you to wait around for him or have you talked to him about it at all? I think if you do a little research into what his true feelings are and stay confident enough to listen to the little voice inside your head, you will have the answer to your question. I hope everything works out for you. I will be cheering for you all the way!", "For your own sanity, I would suggest ending the relationship. As much as you do love him and he may love you as well, he is holding up to his responsibilties to his family, which is commendable. Give him that much. If you two are destined to be together, it will all work out. But in 5 years or so, will you be happy with being the other woman? Are you content with that? You deserve a chance at life. If the two of you are truly meant to be together, your paths will cross when the timing is right again. It doesn't mean you have to stop loving him, but you do need to go on with your own life. \n\nThere may be someone else that steals your heart in the meantime, and you may find happiness with someone else. Who knows? But give yourself the chance at happiness as well. Living the next 5 years in suspence, waiting, wondering and not knowing, is no way to live. Go by ech day doing what you need to do for yourself. There's nothing to say that you and this guy won't end up together in the end. But in the meantime, you can't hold on to something you already know isn't possible in the present.", 'i woudl say keep in touch but not to serious now , wait until he settles himself to see wat he wants as well i mean if u guys are both in love then there shouldnt be a reason not to still keep in touch and see eachother and one day he will have to explain things to the kids and everything but you only live life once right why not make the best of it and go for it!!', "You know it is woman like you that makes me sick. You know he is married and you keep trying to be with him. Don't give me this shit there isn't anything going on with them. I was the wife with the husband that went out and cheated and you know he was still having sex with me. If you want to be the blind other woman then go for it. To tell you the truth if you was smart you would just get out and if he really don't love his wife then he will leave her for good. Don't put Ur's in the middle. It really isn't far to the wife or yourself. MEN LIE and believe me I know. My thing is dose the wife know about you?? If not then maybe you should tell her who are and you will see how fast he leaves her for you... Don't be upset if he don't move out for you.", "Why can't he be with you, live with you and just be there for the kids? They are pretty big, they will understand... so many families are like that now...\n\notherwise, if you are completely certain that you will be together in 5 years, that he is the man of your life and that you want to sacrifice yourself till then...go ahead\n\nTake care"]}
{'gt_query': ['word', 'wordpad', 'association', 'icon'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Why do my Word Documents have a Wordpad Icon?', 'body': 'I consider myself somewhat of an "advanced" computer user, but this problem I have not resolved...\n\nAll of my .doc files have a wordpad icon and wordpad association with them, but open in Microsoft Word. I have tried to uninstall and reinstall Word with no success. I have also went into explorer and changed the file type association with all word files and still no luck.\nDocuments still open with Word fine, but this is annoying.\nAny suggestions? Thanks in advance.', 'id': 35, 'best': "as far as i can say its strange.....\n\ntry this..\n\nright click on any such .doc files goto open with > choose program > select ms word from the list then click ok...might be it changes it this way. or else I can suggest you only one thing uninstall & reinstall the complete MS Office Package may be then when it'll reassociate it self with all office related files of local drive it'll chage the file icon.", 'answers': ["as far as i can say its strange.....\n\ntry this..\n\nright click on any such .doc files goto open with > choose program > select ms word from the list then click ok...might be it changes it this way. or else I can suggest you only one thing uninstall & reinstall the complete MS Office Package may be then when it'll reassociate it self with all office related files of local drive it'll chage the file icon."]}
{'gt_query': ['diabetes', 'discounted'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'my sis has diabetes, its new to her?', 'body': 'she is a hard worker and pays out her nose for prescriptions, co-pays ets. not to mention the rate for health insurance. Is there anywhere a person get some discounted stuff for diabetics,meds, strips, lancets..please help me to help her.  cammie', 'id': 36, 'best': 'ebay for strips and lancets.  i would never purchase drugs online.  It is illegal and very dangerous.', 'answers': ["You should also get her to check out http://diabetes.hammocksurvivalguide.com/\nIt's got over 1,000 articles about diabetes.", 'ebay for strips and lancets.  i would never purchase drugs online.  It is illegal and very dangerous.', 'I get my lancets & strips from my local diabetes centre  at no cost to me. Your sis should be able to do the same.', 'My husband is a dibetic also, go to the internet and look up Diabetes association for the state you live in, perhaps they have some hints on where she can get presciptions for less. Also the medication she takes, look up the manufacturer of the medication and write a letter to them, perhaps they can send her some coupons. Good Luck']}
{'gt_query': ['kidney', 'failure', 'protein'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Kidney Failure?', 'body': 'My mother is suffering of kidney failure but she is not at the point of dialysis yet but she has too much protein in her urine.  Does anyone know of anything that helps get rid off protein in the urine for someone suffering of kidney failure.  At this stage, food is not an issue that has been confirmed by a specialist. . .', 'id': 37, 'best': "The protein in the urine is a symptom of the kidney failure.  Kidney failure can be caused by many things. If that cause can be taken care of, then maybe the kidney can recover.  For example, if your mom has a kidney infection, then maybe she can regain kidney function.  I have been a dialysis technician for a year, so I'm not an expert, but I know a little.  \n\nIn my time as a dialysis tech, I've seen 2 people regain kidney function.  The people it happened to, regained function after a few months on dialysis.  The longer the problem persists, the more damage is done to the kidneys, the less likely it is that function can return.\n\nIt is important to know that if your mom's kidneys cannot regain function, and she is treated with dialysis, her world has not ended.  Dialysis is a very effective life prolonging /sustaining treatment.  If your mom eats healthy, controls her fluid intake, and doesn't skip treatments, she can live a long time.  Depending on age, previous health condition, etc., people can live for another 10-15 years on dialysis.  I know people who have been on it since they were teenagers and now have grandchildren.\n\nThe important thing is to take it all one step at a time.  Listen to your doctors and NEVER stop asking questions.  Don't be afraid or embarassed to ask for second opinions. There are lots of resourves out there, like the National Kidney Foundation. The people who don't survive are generally the ones who don't care, who don't want to know anything, who don't want to follow the advice of healthcare professionals.", 'answers': ["The protein in the urine is a symptom of the kidney failure.  Kidney failure can be caused by many things. If that cause can be taken care of, then maybe the kidney can recover.  For example, if your mom has a kidney infection, then maybe she can regain kidney function.  I have been a dialysis technician for a year, so I'm not an expert, but I know a little.  \n\nIn my time as a dialysis tech, I've seen 2 people regain kidney function.  The people it happened to, regained function after a few months on dialysis.  The longer the problem persists, the more damage is done to the kidneys, the less likely it is that function can return.\n\nIt is important to know that if your mom's kidneys cannot regain function, and she is treated with dialysis, her world has not ended.  Dialysis is a very effective life prolonging /sustaining treatment.  If your mom eats healthy, controls her fluid intake, and doesn't skip treatments, she can live a long time.  Depending on age, previous health condition, etc., people can live for another 10-15 years on dialysis.  I know people who have been on it since they were teenagers and now have grandchildren.\n\nThe important thing is to take it all one step at a time.  Listen to your doctors and NEVER stop asking questions.  Don't be afraid or embarassed to ask for second opinions. There are lots of resourves out there, like the National Kidney Foundation. The people who don't survive are generally the ones who don't care, who don't want to know anything, who don't want to follow the advice of healthcare professionals.", 'It is necessary to treat the underlying condition that is causing proteinuria. For example, when diabetes or hypertension is present, treatment involves controlling blood pressure with the use of an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE-I) inhibitor, like captopril (capoten®). Ace inhibitors prevent the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II, a substance that normally causes the veins to constrict. The result is a reduction in blood pressure. \n\nThe goal is to reduce blood pressure below 130 systolic and 80 diastolic. After bun, creatinine, and potassium are monitored for 7 to 10 days, ace inhibitors are gradually increased to avoid side effects. The degree of proteinuria is checked periodically and typically improves with every dose. \n\nIt is necessary to monitor blood sugar, salt intake, diet, and exercise.', 'water helps the kidneys. you will have to check with a doctor. what might work perfect for someone, might kill another.', 'the protein is in the urine because the kidneys arent fitlering correctly, which is the problem youre trying to correct... unfortunately, theres not much you can do outside of a transplant']}
{'gt_query': ['china', 'manufacture', 'america', 'produce'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'How long would it take America to supply what China makes for us now?', 'body': 'Since China is the "wild card" nation, what would happen if she closed her ports? How long would it take America to produce and manufacture what we now purchase from China? Would it even be practical at this point considering the state of our own limited manufacturing capability? I mean if things really hit the fan, wouldn\'t we be in a real fix?', 'id': 38, 'best': 'yes\ni guess\nUS has more emphasize on service industry which is wrong.....in the long run.', 'answers': ['yes\ni guess\nUS has more emphasize on service industry which is wrong.....in the long run.', 'Actually we could start producing very quickly. Much we already produce. The issue is not that the US has a limited manufacturing capability (as they do not) but goods from China are considerably cheaper to but from them than produce them here. The difference in currency exchange rates makeds the ability to buy goods cheaper from China.', 'no time to replace that crap. Most of them are made by labors living in filth and subsidised by Govt. the quality of most of is junk anyway. China is a bubble which is going to burst in the next 2 years', "money is the issue, we can't produce things at the price China can due to labor laws.  but what do they make that we really need?"]}
{'gt_query': ['gallstones', 'rid', 'stones'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'How can I get rid of gallstones without having surgery?', 'body': 'I was just diagnosed with gallstones in my gallblatter I really dont want to have surgery and have been told that there are other ways to get rid of the stones so if anyone knows how im open for suggestions', 'id': 39, 'best': "Most gallstones are made of pure cholesterol.  You might try a diet with low fat and very low saturated fats.  Reducing the saturated fats will lower blood cholesterol and may (I'm not promising anything!) make the stones smaller.\n\nLowering your total fat intake may also help reduce or prevent pain.  Gallstones hurt because when you eat fat, the stomach senses it and tells the gallbladder to release some of the gall into the intestines to help digest the fat.  If you have stones, that squeezing is about like squeezing a handfull of pointy rocks.\n\nHowever...   I've had the surgery and it really isn't a big deal.  There is minimal scarring and the incisions aren't that much bigger than a bug bite or a medium sized zit.  \n\nIf you leave the gallstones there, they can get large enough to damage the gallbladder, with the result of a bad infection and that can cause death, which is a very Bad Thing!", 'answers': ["Most gallstones are made of pure cholesterol.  You might try a diet with low fat and very low saturated fats.  Reducing the saturated fats will lower blood cholesterol and may (I'm not promising anything!) make the stones smaller.\n\nLowering your total fat intake may also help reduce or prevent pain.  Gallstones hurt because when you eat fat, the stomach senses it and tells the gallbladder to release some of the gall into the intestines to help digest the fat.  If you have stones, that squeezing is about like squeezing a handfull of pointy rocks.\n\nHowever...   I've had the surgery and it really isn't a big deal.  There is minimal scarring and the incisions aren't that much bigger than a bug bite or a medium sized zit.  \n\nIf you leave the gallstones there, they can get large enough to damage the gallbladder, with the result of a bad infection and that can cause death, which is a very Bad Thing!", "They now have a way of zapping them with sound that caused them to shatter instead of operating.  I don't know the details though.", 'If you really want to seek other alternatives I would look into finding a holistic store near you and maybe call and ask if they have any organic remedies.... usually a reg. doc. wont tell you those type of remedies because its not considered western medicine.... good luck', "Have you seen a gastroenterologist?  They can do a minimally invasive procedure called an ERCP (Endoscopic Retrograde Cholangiopancreatography - try saying that 3 times fast!).  An ERCP won't get rid of the stones that are in the gallbladder...just the stones that are stuck in the duct leading from the GB to the small intestine.  They can make a tiny cut in the duct and pull gallstones out with a small balloon.  If the stone is too large, they have equipment that will crush the stone so it will pass freely.  \n\nI had the surgery myself about 10 years ago.  It's not as bad as you'd imagine, and you feel much better after it's over.  You might still have phantom pain for a while, but it's nowhere near as bad as the pain you started with.  \n\nEating a diet high in fat will make gallbladder disease worse, but you can't really get rid of the stones unless they pass naturally or you have them removed, either in surgery or with an ERCP.", "The best remedy is surgury. I had surgery to have kidney stones removed. The surgery isn't as bad as you think it may be."]}
{'gt_query': ['girl', 'just', 'friend'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Back 2 my other question about that girl who likes me...?', 'body': "I had a lot of people say stuff like get 2 know her better but i dont think i can i've knew her 4 about 6 years! I have asked her out a few times but she says she sees me as just a friend, what should i do?", 'id': 40, 'best': "in that case, i would think that u should move on since u had known her 4 to 6 years yet she only treats u as a friend.. i have a friend who has a crush on a girl for 8 years.. but in the end the girl didn't accept him and instead flew to russia to do medicine.. it is a bit hurt but u have to move on.. there is no point hurting yourself in the end..", 'answers': ['The best you can do it wait her out or go look for another go. Show her you can be a good lover if she just gives you a chance. Good Luck!!', 'tell her you want to be more than friends', "in that case, i would think that u should move on since u had known her 4 to 6 years yet she only treats u as a friend.. i have a friend who has a crush on a girl for 8 years.. but in the end the girl didn't accept him and instead flew to russia to do medicine.. it is a bit hurt but u have to move on.. there is no point hurting yourself in the end..", "MOVE ON. FIND SOMEONE ELSE, SHE JUST WANTS TO BE FRIENDS AND LOOKS LIKE SHE AIN'T CHANGING HER MIND."]}
{'gt_query': ['word', 'inspiration'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'need cool, simple, inspirational words...help, please?', 'body': 'i\'m doing an art project for school, and the assignment is to pick ONE word that is inspirational/has meaning to us and create a work of art encompassing the overall mood/significance of the word.\n\ni wanted something inspiring, maybe...?\n\ni had "live", "believe", "dream", and "imagine" in mind...but i want something a bit more creative if at all possible. i\'m having trouble trying to think of something that\'s not so cheesy or cliche.\n\nthanks :-)', 'id': 41, 'best': 'Me\nForever\nFamily\nAspire\nAchieve\nAdversity\nLove\nCreate\nPotential\nPossibilities\nOpportunity\nHeal', 'answers': ['Me\nForever\nFamily\nAspire\nAchieve\nAdversity\nLove\nCreate\nPotential\nPossibilities\nOpportunity\nHeal', 'SELFBELIVE-if u have that u can shut up the whole world my dear friend', '"road" : a path leading to a destination or from a situation\n\nthe open "road"\n"road" to madness\n"road" to ruin', 'DEVOTED\n\ngood luck', 'Justice\nTranscendent\nAltruism\nHumanistic\nBeauty', 'FAITH\n\nThere are so many images that come to mind with that one word.  Faith in God, Faith in People. Faith in yourself and on and on.', 'I would try to depict someone working very hard for something, or showing a single mindedness in striving to achieve something, and have the word be: "Devotion."\n\nI know, sounds like a Nike ad, but it just came to me...', 'target forster\n\n\n\n~GOOD LUCK~need anymore help the e-mail me at mechia223@yahoo.com', "well, i'd think the 'has meaning to us', part meant have meaning for you.. so, i think you should use something that comes to your mind.. so, think of something or someone who inspires you.. someone you think of that makes you want to be a better person, makes you want to achieve more.. then, think of the quality that most describes this person..  as for me, i'd think of my son.. he's handicapped.. and the word i think of is perseverance.. cause even tho he knows, he'll almost always finish last, or lose.. he trys so hard.. anyway.. you know someone.. we all do.. :-)  good luck", 'foster\ninculcate\nengender\nexacerbate\ntarget\nimbue\n\nGood luck.', '"Courage is not the lack of fear. It is acting in spite of it." -- Mark Twain\n\nCourage made artists and inventors break the mold of a way of thinking. Courage kept Beethoven composing and directing even after he had gone dead. Courage allowed Galileo to continue with his experiments even though his head was on the line. Courage inflamed the heart of Florence Nightingale to tend to the wounded and dying in the middle of a horrible war. Courage is what Gandhi showed by refusing to use violence.', 'serenity', 'Awesome!', 'Sublime?', 'Floods of Life\nCandles of Contentment\nSerenity\nQuiet Reasoning\nLadder of Faith\nContrasts\nEternal Promises\nBeauty Arrayed\nebb and flo\nsturdy beams of hope\nbouquets arrayed\nbeauty rivalling\ngreatness truly sings']}
{'gt_query': ['pregnant', 'after', 'tubal'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'can you get pregnant after a tubal?', 'body': 'i had a tubal 16 months ago after the birth of my son because my husband was abusive but since then i have left him and found a wonderful man we would love to have a baby togather but i want to know if its possible', 'id': 42, 'best': "The decision for tubal ligation or having your tubes tied should be considered a permanent decision. Still, it is possible to conceive after this procedure. \n\nA recent study showed that an alarming percentage of women who had had the procedure conceived accidentally. This problem has been remedied by cutting, tying and burning the ends of the fallopian tubes. \n\nIf you want to actively reverse this there are two options. The first is to have surgery to rejoin the tubes. This does not have a very high success rate. At best, it is up to 60%. If there are any other problems, such as short remaining tubes, or other damage to them, the rates are quite low. The rate of success is decreased for women whose tubes have been burned, due to more extensive tubal damage. There is also a much greater risk of ectopic pregnancy with rejoined tubes. This is because there is often scarring and narrowing of the tubes where they are rejoined. The ovum may be too large to pass through the constricted portion, yet it can still be fertilized. Success has also been found to depend on the age of the woman, the technique of ligation, tubal length after rejoining, and if one or both tubes are rejoined. \n\nThe second option is in vitro fertilization. This also has a low success rate. It can vary with the clinic involved, but generally it is between 10-25%. It also carries the possibility of an increased risk of ovarian cancer. The woman must be given doses of female hormones to stimulate the production of several eggs in one cycle. This large dose of hormones is thought to be the cause of cancer in some women twenty or thirty years after the procedure. The studies are not yet clear on this issue, because we haven't been doing this procedure on enough people to know for certain. \n\n\n\nGOOD LUCK", 'answers': ["It's possible, but not likely. My aunt did get pregnant after ehr tubal, and had a son. Most likely though if you want more kids, you will need to have a tubal reversal. I've done a lot of research on reversal docs, feel free to IM me sometime if you want more info about reversals.", 'well probsbly not but you can pay to get then untie it cost a lot', "The decision for tubal ligation or having your tubes tied should be considered a permanent decision. Still, it is possible to conceive after this procedure. \n\nA recent study showed that an alarming percentage of women who had had the procedure conceived accidentally. This problem has been remedied by cutting, tying and burning the ends of the fallopian tubes. \n\nIf you want to actively reverse this there are two options. The first is to have surgery to rejoin the tubes. This does not have a very high success rate. At best, it is up to 60%. If there are any other problems, such as short remaining tubes, or other damage to them, the rates are quite low. The rate of success is decreased for women whose tubes have been burned, due to more extensive tubal damage. There is also a much greater risk of ectopic pregnancy with rejoined tubes. This is because there is often scarring and narrowing of the tubes where they are rejoined. The ovum may be too large to pass through the constricted portion, yet it can still be fertilized. Success has also been found to depend on the age of the woman, the technique of ligation, tubal length after rejoining, and if one or both tubes are rejoined. \n\nThe second option is in vitro fertilization. This also has a low success rate. It can vary with the clinic involved, but generally it is between 10-25%. It also carries the possibility of an increased risk of ovarian cancer. The woman must be given doses of female hormones to stimulate the production of several eggs in one cycle. This large dose of hormones is thought to be the cause of cancer in some women twenty or thirty years after the procedure. The studies are not yet clear on this issue, because we haven't been doing this procedure on enough people to know for certain. \n\n\n\nGOOD LUCK", "there is a surgical procedure where you can get your tubal reversed....It's expensive & not that effective in restoring fertility & your other alternative is in vitro which is also expensive/only partially effective, but it's worth a try.", 'Yes, but you\'ll have to have surgery to have them "untied."']}
{'gt_query': ['god', 'mock', 'insulting'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Those who do not believe in God: mock him to his face.?', 'body': "Considering the stories I read about those who mocked God and died, I thought it would be interesting to dare atheists to do the same. Okay. So, you don't believe in God. I dare all atheists, then, to mock him. In particular, you all should challenge him to stop you from doing something, preferably while insulting him. Say that God can't do it, and see what happens.", 'id': 43, 'best': "Why are you trying to sow dissent here?  There are people on here trying to keep it less like a battlefield and more like a place for important questions on faith, and questions like this don't help.", 'answers': ["Why are you trying to sow dissent here?  There are people on here trying to keep it less like a battlefield and more like a place for important questions on faith, and questions like this don't help.", "why would you mock something you don't believe in?", 'you are acting like a little child ,i dare god to strike you down with a bolt of lightning \n\n,do you feel any thing yet.\n\ni thought not ,and your god is not a god ,he cloned Adam in his own image ,and Adam was a normal guy .Eva in turn was cloned from Adam and she was also not a goddess.\n\nthis space commander has a lot of blood on his hands ,and apart from being an exstraterestial he was foreign to boot.and he is a rookie having been here barely 6000 years ago.\n\nAnd the story of being welcome in his garden on the condition that you were dead i find very strange .even stranger than so many people buying this,\n\nI tell you what ,if you renounce your eroneuos ways ,and ask forgiveness for betraying Baal and Gaia the only rightfull gods of this planet for billions of years,\n\nand if you bring several bottles of your best wine ,you will be welcome in our Paradise ,right now ,here on earth \n\nAnd the good news is that you dont have to die ,the bad news is that you have to do some weeding and planting ,but that is good for the soul.\n\nAnd as you seem to have his ear, \nbetter tell your God ,\nto watch it  because\nwe are the Pee Pees \nthe people of Pan\nwe care for our Planet\nwhere ever we can\nyou beat us ,you robbed us\n\nyou rendered us weak\nbut we will be back\nfor we are \n\nthe Meek', "God cannot delete this answer.\n\nOoo! I can't wait to see what happens!", 'As a Christian, you should know, not to test God', "God, you bastard, prove yourself by killing me right this moment.  Strike me dead with lightening (or whatever you see fit) and stop me from typing even one more wor... ahhhhg!\n\nHeh, I'm still here.  Would you like me to blaspheme the holy spirit as well? \n\nGod can't do anything to me, because nonexistent imaginary beings are powerless.  \n\n...or maybe he just doesn't read Yahoo! answers?", 'Everybody dies you fool', 'I fart in the general direction of God, Jesus and the ghost one too.  Stop me easting this apple, oh, oh, too late mmmmm.  It actually tastes better when I insult God.', 'Your idea that God would wish to prove his existence shows you aren\'t much of a christian yourself.  That is why it is called "faith".', 'u will not stop from writing this answer', "god doesn't choose whether i live or die! he is nothing but a worm to me!", "Why? Why bother answering this; athiests don't believe in God or a God of any kind. This question is completely futile; asking this question would be directed toward agnostics on the verge of becoming athiests or people who are anti-Christian/Catholic/etc. Someone who says 'my god is better than yours' is the perfect person to ask this question to.", 'thank god for the 2', "well i dont think God will want to kill every athiest, because He cares about all of His children and dosnt want any of them to go to hell. he would feel pity for them and probably give them a chance to be saved. sounds like you've misunderstood God quite a bit. thats not how he operates at all.", "I mock god to stop me from posting this question.\nGuess I'm more powerful", "You really shouldn't do this. Christians are supposed to encourage people to believe in Jesus and trust in God. Why would you encourage them to hurry their damnation?\n\nHaving said that, what you are doing is so immature that I would not expect God to play along for your amusement. Grow up.", "ok!\nGod can't make me throw up! He doesn't exist!\n\n\n*whistles* I'm waiting lol", 'Why don\'t you do something productive to your faith such as telling others about his life and his sacrifice instead of doing this whole "my God is bigger than your God!!" thing? This sounds an awful bit like a playground conversation: "I DARE you to kick over my sand castle, Susy!". Get over yourself.', 'I think most people are more in question than denial, but why instigate? Rather leave the subject be.', "I don't believe in a God..any God but I won't mock your God because its your right to believe it, just don't mock me or try to push your beliefs on me when I don't believe.  If you actually believed in God you wouldn't have asked that question.  Go with Fish", 'what you dont understand is for an athiest to mock god they would have to admit he exists, dont really feel like talking to myself. that just makes me feel stupid. there is a difference in not believing and hating. to insult someone insinuates that you hate them, who am i insulting if i dont believe in him? ponder that for a while, if you have a relative answer, may your so called god strike me down with all his might', "I wouldn't mock him if I could see his face, or if there was, oh, i don't know, maybe SOME kind of concrete evidence.  But wait, there isn't, now is there?  God's not real, there's my mocking.  If he is real, he won't let this pen i'm holding touch the ground when I drop it.  I just dropped it, and it hit the ground.", 'Careful with God, what makes you believe that God will listen to you!', 'Jesus said if you beleive in me believe also in My Father, dare we call Jesus a lyer as man is??', 'why start?', 'People tend to scoff at god and the writers of the bible. That bothers me! I wish the were alive or real to scoff in their faces.', "God can't save my son from his disease, histiocytosis. Chemotherapy will.\n\nAnd if God wants to come down, I will mock him to his face.", "mocking a person's religion is a bad thing to do and you should be ashamed of yourself while i am an atheist i do have moral and my principles forbid me to mock another person's beliefs"]}
{'gt_query': ['what', 'song', 'called'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'What is this song called?', 'body': 'It was played on the commericial with the Honda Civic. I think it was a new wave rock music. it also played on one tree hill: \nhttp://youtube.com/watch?v=Wrg50pqZCMQ\nIt starts playing when the raven cheerleaders start cheering. Does anyone know what the song is called? Thanks!', 'id': 44, 'best': 'Huddle Formation by the Go! Team - awesome song', 'answers': ['Huddle Formation by the Go! Team - awesome song', "I was listening to it, but im sorry i don't know. I like new wave music, kinda."]}
{'gt_query': ['love', 'girlfriend'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'Relationship advice?', 'body': 'Okay, here\'s the thing. This girl broke up with me last year. Now I have a new girlfriend who I love very much. However, I got an email reminder of the first\'s birthday yesterday, with a note saying, "I do still love her." Apparently, I saved that last year after she broke up with me when I still had feelings for her. Anyway, when I read that, it almost felt like it was TELLING me that I do still love her, even just a little bit. But I love my girlfriend now...but what do I do? (preferably to get my mind off the one who broke up with me)...oh, yeah, she told me she still has feelings for me, too...but I told her I didn\'t because I didn\'t at the time, but now I\'m not so sure. Advice?', 'id': 45, 'best': "Figure out whom you really have feelings for first and then make your choice and let both of them know what you've decided.", 'answers': ["Figure out whom you really have feelings for first and then make your choice and let both of them know what you've decided.", "Maybe your just thinking about the good times. Focus on why your not together to this day. What made your relationship end. Don't be blinded by the good times,its OK to still have feelings. And the one major issue man you still have a girlfriend and you said you love her. Don't just hurt her like that,you've been there and have done that.", 'you seem better off with the girl you have now.  This girl makes you forget about the other one. That is fantastic.  Just forget about the ex.', "She's an Ex and a part of your past.....leave her there!", 'Since you have ur second girlfriend come in at the time you were not in a proper emotional state, it would be wise of you to give some time for yourself and think seriously about whom you would like to spend the rest of your life with and then make appropriate decisons.', 'First of all, its better for suggestions here and not advice.  \n\nNow, if it was only an email reminder that you left on your computer, then maybe you dont still love her.  You can still have fond feelings and even a bit of love for her, yet you say you love the one you are with.  Then love her and let the past stay in the past.\n\nIts better to move on that to hang on to something that took off a long time ago.  Enjoy the love that you share with the woman you are with now and let the other go completely.  After all, it has been a year right?\n\nTheres no way to get the one woman out of your head completely though.  There will always be those little times that the one/ ones you thought you loved will always pop in your mind.  The only thing one can do really is move on in life.', "Forget about the first girl. The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence you know? If it was meant to be it would have worked out the first time. If you love the girl you're with, be content with that.", "You're one messed up dude. Search your feelings and decide once and for all. And then do the right thing based on what you decide.\n\nSaying you have feelings for your old GF and she to you is just that - SOME feelings - that you may still love her just a little bit. Is that enough to break up with your current GF? How much do you love your current GF? More or less than your old GF? It is normal to reminisce about old loves and how you used to feel about. Remember, the key word is used to.Good luck to you. I hope you work it out and decide.", "The grass always seems greener on the other side. But it's really not.", "Ok, if she broke up with you that's her loss and you need to get over her. If you love this new girl you got then ignore TOG!!! Don't let TOG (the old girl) mess it all up for you!!!!", 'remember she is your ex for a reason! sometimes we long for old relationships but that turns out to be stupid! I went back to an ex and left the most amazing man.. the ex had cheated on me and lied to me! fast forward a year later two months before the wedding i found out he cheated again! I met another man and married him now and four years later am has happy as I can be!!']}
{'gt_query': ['tv', 'show', 'club'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'I need to start a tv show club with my friends?', 'body': 'The show is the oc! I need help starting it! Ideas ummmmmmmmmmmmmmm flyers, watch shows. something at my or my friends house. help me!', 'id': 46, 'best': 'Get together at your house one week and another friends the next and so on.....and watch it together and make a OC party out of it.....Me and my friends use to do that with Beverly Hills 90210', 'answers': ['Get together at your house one week and another friends the next and so on.....and watch it together and make a OC party out of it.....Me and my friends use to do that with Beverly Hills 90210', 'Talk about the best & worst tv shows there is or was. *:]']}
{'gt_query': ['bassoons', 'expensive'], 'lang': 'en', 'title': 'why are bassoons so expensive?', 'body': "I was looking at bassoons over at Musician's Friend ( http://www.musiciansfriend.com/bo/navigation?page=1&N=100001+305585&Ns=P_Price%7C0 ) and am wondering why they cost $2500-$14,000.\n\nDoes anyone know?\nThanks\nm98s", 'id': 47, 'best': "They are hand made from excellent and expensive wood.  The wood pieces must be structurally perfect in large sizes and are rare.  They take FAR longer to make than any other instrument.\n\nThe cheap plastic ones aren't that much more than other instruments.  Also, they are far less popular, so there is a volume/demand issue as well.", 'answers': ["They are hand made from excellent and expensive wood.  The wood pieces must be structurally perfect in large sizes and are rare.  They take FAR longer to make than any other instrument.\n\nThe cheap plastic ones aren't that much more than other instruments.  Also, they are far less popular, so there is a volume/demand issue as well.", 'because they are so beautiful and probably have to be individually made and such.']}
